Add step to re-run cephadm playbook before deploy manila (#1313)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: doc/source/contributor/environments/ci-multinode.rst

      kolla_enable_manila: true
      kolla_enable_manila_backend_cephfs_native: true

> If you are working on an existing deployment, re-run Cephadm playbook by
> ``kayobe playbook run $KAYOBE_CONFIG_PATH/ansible/cephadm.yml``
> to add Ceph configurations (such as Manila pools and CephFS file system)
> for Manila.

Reviewer: Just some minor wording suggestions:
```suggestion
If you are working on an existing deployment, re-run the Cephadm playbook
``kayobe playbook run $KAYOBE_CONFIG_PATH/ansible/cephadm.yml``
to add the Ceph configuration (such as pools and CephFS file systems)
for Manila.
```

.. code-block:: bash

      openstack share type create cephfs-type false --public true
      openstack share type set cephfs-type --extra-specs vendor_name=Ceph

>       openstack share type set cephfs-type --extra-specs storage_protocol=CEPHFS

Reviewer: nit, could've merged these into one line

Author: I tested and it doesn't work with either ``openstack share type set cephfs-type --extra-specs vendor_name=Ceph,storage_protocol=CEPHFS`` or `` openstack share type set cephfs-type --extra-specs vendor_name=Ceph --extra-specs storage_protocol=CEPHFS``

Former one sets vendor_name "Ceph,storage_protocol=CEPHFS"
Latter one only sets storage_protocol

Do you know what correct syntax is?

Reviewer 2: [extra-specs](https://docs.openstack.org/python-manilaclient/latest/cli/osc/v2/index.html#share-type-set) is a list of key,value pairs: 
```
share type set
    [--extra-specs [<key=value> ...]]
    [--public <public>]
    [--description <description>]
    [--name <name>]
    <share_type>
```
So I reckon you'd be looking for: `openstack share type set cephfs-type --extra-specs vendor_name=Ceph, storage_protocol=CEPHFS`

Reviewer 2: Note the space after the comma :)
